1. What is Salesforce?
👉 Cloud-based CRM platform used to manage customer data, automation, and applications.


2. Why use Salesforce?
👉 Because it provides:
    cloud storage
    no installation
    built-in tools for business apps


3. What is Apex?
👉 Apex is a Java-like programming language used in Salesforce to write backend logic.


4. What is Execute Anonymous Window?
👉 A place where we run temporary Apex code directly without saving it.


5. Why did you use Execute Anonymous?
👉 To quickly test methods like calculator operations without creating UI.


6. What is a class in Apex?
👉 A blueprint that contains variables and methods.


7. What is a method?
👉 A block of code that performs a specific task.


8. What is static method?
👉 Method that can be called without creating object.


9. What is non-static method?
👉 Method that requires object creation to call.


10. Why did you use static methods in your calculator?
👉 To directly call operations like addition without creating objects.


11. What is object in Apex?
👉 Instance of a class used to access non-static methods.


12. What is System.debug()?
👉 Used to print output in logs for checking results.


13. What is your calculator program doing?
👉 It performs basic arithmetic operations:
    addition
    subtraction
    multiplication
    division


14. Why division result was 0 sometimes?
👉 Because:
    Integer division truncates decimal values
    Example: 4/5 = 0


15. How to fix division issue?
👉 Use:
    Decimal a = 4;
    Decimal b = 5;


16. Difference between Integer and Decimal?
👉 Integer → whole numbers
👉 Decimal → supports fractions


17. What is debugging?
👉 Process of finding and fixing errors in code.


18. What is syntax error?
👉 Error due to wrong code format (like missing brackets or indentation).


19. Why did you get error “Unexpected token”?
👉 Because:
    Code was written in wrong place (Execute Anonymous vs class)
    Or invalid syntax used


20. How would you improve your calculator?
👉 Add:
    user input
    UI (Lightning / Visualforce)
    error handling
